to the left of you all the
queen pencil coronation ceremony
national vintage 2014 the
representative of the department of
tupungato remain to all channels
of public television that are
transmitting throughout the country and also
on the internet to everyone
crowning ceremony of the queen
national vintage
remember that the national viceroy
mario agustín here from tupungato thousand
twenty - one years brown eyes hair that
it's so dark he's finished studying
law and writing and speaking career
English was elected at that party that
it was called the land of the brave and the miracles
and stands and started weaving a dream in
that night and today has this conclusion the
beauty of tupungato maria agustina caro
is the new national vice-chancellor of the
vintage for this 2014
and then they are placing the attributes
queens of mandate fulfilled
the real attributes we tell
our friends who visit us are the
layer that means the protection of this
Queen also to all that
means our viticulture
lavender that each queen retains until
when his term ends
and of course
the crown
that since 1995 two twenty 20 me
I worship together with the crown scepter
the national queen of the vintage sofia
Audio
representative of the department of
guaymallén
was elected at the country party in the
vineyards
is 19 years old
green eyes brown hair
attends the first year of marketing in
ceremonial advice and protocol
sofía on seeing
National vintage queen 2014 and
candela is placing the layer
has obviously placed that band
real fruits and the moment that is going to
produce
while I pass the crown
a very special crown
and weighs 630 grams of gold and silver and
Gemstones are only taken out
only for this special ceremony
a unique thing symbol of the soul
provincial
and candela if you take out the crown
the beautiful
and transfer it to the new national queen
of the 2014 vintage
but one more minute
a patient turned moments of absolute
and logical emotion
he would get close he suffered an eros
the microphone and you can direct the first
message inaugurating
in its stage its cycle its year of
Realities
then it is the new national queen of
the 2014 vintage
Sofia goes to the microphone
and this his greeting then
removal of the final greeting
the town then
receiving the first greeting from the queen
vintage national 2014 your word
more status
say what will happen
for your heart for your mind in this
moment
we mark it many times they are very young
young people encouraged by the whole family by
an entire neighborhood district and one day are
part of long and great dream that
means to get to tonight
up close in the flesh more so
so strong
a close choice by the way alive
lit
different
thousands of eyes and hearts that beat
this bad party
your majesty please the people the
wants to listen to the country and the
we hear it from the world
accompany us in illuminated symphony
he accompanies us does not bring
I am totally proud to reinforce
this attribute very many thanks to all
and so much
all right
thank you two lives congratulations for the
final only in my case I have this
back to the imaginary cup overturn
my best wishes, your wishes
and scream loud and forever health
Thank you for being part of each of
you but enter sells and thank you and in
my case simply say thank you
thank god thank you for this blessed
land we have and ask for peace and ask
work for all Argentines
thank you that we continue enjoying a great
vintage in throughout this year 2014
We also hope the next year
thank you very much thank you all
you for joining us